feat(docs): Document __DATAHUB_TO_FILE_ directive (#10968)
datahub-project/datahub: metadata-ingestion/recipe_overview.md

For details, see [variable-substitution](https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/compose-file-v2/#variable-substitution).
This environment variable substitution should be used to mask sensitive information in recipe files. As long as you can get env variables securely to the ingestion process there would not be any need to store sensitive information in recipes.

### Loading Sensitive Data as Files in Recipes

> Some sources (e.g. kafka, bigquery, mysql) require paths to files on a local file system. This doesn't work for UI ingestion, where the container needs to be totally self-sufficient. To add files to ingestion processes as part of the necessary configuration DataHub offers a directive `__DATAHUB_TO_FILE_` which allows recipes to load content as files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some sources (e.g. kafka, bigquery, mysql) require paths to files on a local file system. This doesn't work for UI ingestion, where the recipe needs to be totally self-sufficient. To add files to ingestion processes as part of the necessary configuration, DataHub offers a directive `__DATAHUB_TO_FILE_` which allows recipes to set the contents of files.
```

The syntax for this directive is: `__DATAHUB_TO_FILE_<property>: <value>` which will get turned into `<property>: <path to file containing value>`. Note that value can be specified inline or using an env var/secret.

I.e:

```yaml
source:
  type: mysql
  config:
    # Coordinates
    host_port: localhost:3306
    database: dbname

    # Credentials
    username: root
    password: example
    # If you need to use SSL with MySQL:
    options:
      connect_args:
        __DATAHUB_TO_FILE_ssl_key: '${secret}' # use this for secrets that you need to mount to a file
        # this will get converted into

>         ssl_key: /tmp/path/to/file # where file contains the contents of ${secret}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # ssl_key: /tmp/path/to/file # where file contains the contents of ${secret}
```
